"We're sometimes at risk of sharing information which isn't ours to share." - Dr. Graham week 9 

I think this is the key point for this entire module since the who thing is focused on Communicating. When I was looking for a database for the ADS activity, I came across one that had "Skeletons [Records](https://archaeologydataservice.ac.uk/archives/view/longstone_he_2020/downloads.cfm?archive=Spreadsheet)" which instantly causght my attention since it is very much relevant to the work we had been doing up till now. Unfortunatly due to some difficulties I wasn't able to get the data into RStudio, but I did still take a look at it to see what kind of information was gathered. 

The spreadsheet covered a range of things; co-ordinates, descprition of the type of skeleton, descriptive text, condition, completness, associated finds, body position, orientation, disturbance, drawings, photo number, etc. Overall this is a very thorough list of information/data that they team was collecting for this excivation, and from what I could tell it seems to be very similar to the way we delt with our data at the beginning of the semester, so this made me think further about what could be added. What are the disadvang=tages with their system? Does it have limitations that descriminate? Does their data collection only focus on what is important to them at the time? All of this is something I'd like to continue focusing on as we continue exploring the sharing aspect of our data gathering to see what kind of patterns I will find, or even make myself. Will I also limit the data and focus on what I beleiev to most important or interesting? 

